Keeping in mind the problem
solving framework.
Let's start working through the business
case that I described in lesson one.
As a reminder, the retail chain is
wanting to segment its stores by seasons
to optimize product selection at
the appropriate time of the year.
The first thing we will do is,
determine the data we want.
And then, get it ready for
the clustering process.
In this case, the data that we
need revolves around the climate
around the individual stores.
As with any data analysis project, you
sometimes can't get all the data that
you might want or at least it's not in
a format that's ready to work with.
In this case,
we can get most of what we want from
the National Weather Service website.
And for our exercise, we've already put
together the data that we want to use.
We've tied the store location to
the climate data for specific weather
station and included some additional
data that we could use for our analysis.
You can find the data we'll be using
linked in the instructor notes